SeatAvailabilityResource	Root element of the seat map response.
.Flights	Flights container. There will only be one flight in a seat map response.
..Flight[]	Details of the flight.
...Departure	Details of the origin.
....AirportCode	3-letter IATA code of the origin airport.
....ScheduledTimeLocal	Scheduled local time of departure from origin.
.....DateTime	Scheduled time of departure:
Format: yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm.
Sample: 2014-11-15T10:50.
Key	Description
2014	year
11	month of the year, always two digit
15	day of month, always 2 digits
T	indicating time follows after
10	hour in 24 hrs format
50	minutes of the hour
...Arrival	Details of the destination.
....AirportCode	3-letter IATA code of the destination airport.
...MarketingCarrier	Marketing-specific flight details, may differ from operating carrier details.
....AirlineID	2-letter IATA airline code.
....FlightNumber	Flight number.
...Equipment	Type of aircraft operating this flight.
....AircraftCode	3-character IATA aircraft code.
.CabinLayout	Describes key elements of the cabin layout such as the position of the wing or the location of exits.
..WingPosition	Which rows are above the aircraft’s wings.
...Rows	Grouping first and last row of where the wing is positioned.
....First	Number of first row over wing.
....Last	Number of last row over wing.
...ExitRowPosition[]	Which are the exit rows.
...Rows	Grouping first and last row of where an exit is positioned.
....First	Number of first row where this exit is positioned.
....Last	Number of last row where this exit is positioned.
.SeatDisplay[]	Specifying the grid of the cabin type: number of columns and number of rows.
..Columns[]	One item per column.
@Positions	Assigning the ‘name’ of the column such as column ‘A’, column ‘C’, etc.
...Rows	Grouping all rows of this cabin layout i.e. all rows of cabin class ‘First’ or ‘Business’ etc.
....First	Number of first row of this cabin.
....Last	Number of last row of this cabin.
...Component	Defining non-seat components of a cabin in relation to one specific row.
NOTE: if a component definition shows up more than once with the same row number it is to be read as follows:
First component with relation R (rear) to row 44 is located behind row 44.
Second component with relation R (rear) to row 44 is located behind the first component that is located behind row 44..... and so on.
....Locations	Grouping the locations.
.....Location[]	Exact location of a component. Example: Galley at row ‘86’ at center section.
......Row	Defines the one row which this component’s location is related to. Example: the component maybe in front of this row.
.......Position	Actual row number which this component’s location is related to and which the orientation is referring to.
.......Orientation	Defining the relation to the row number.
........Code	One letter code qualifying the row location, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 9976.
Example: ‘F’ for front. This means the component that is specified here is found in front of row given in row.position. ‘R’ would say the component is located rear i.e. behind the row specified in row .position.
......Column	Defining the column where the component is located.
.......Position	Giving the position of the column.
NOTE: the position code is NOT the name of the column as specified in SeatDisplay.Columns@Position! It is a more generic name.
........Code	One or two letter code specifying the location where on this row this component is located, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 3227.
NOTE: only the following codes will be seen here:
‘C’ for Center Section
‘L’ for Left side section
‘LC’ for Left center section
‘R’ for Right side section
‘RC’ for Right center section
......Type	Specifying the type of component at this location.
.......Code	One, two or three letter code specifying the cabin facilities characteristics i.e. component type, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 9978.
Example: ‘G’ for Galley, ‘LA’ for Lavatory.
...CabinType	Specifying the type of cabin.
....Code	One letter code specifying the cabin type, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 9800. Example: ‘F’ for first class, ‘C’ for Business class.
.SeatDetails[]	Holds all characteristics of one seat at a defined location.
Example: Seat at column ‘A’; row ‘22’.
..Location	Element specifying the seat location: what column, what row.
...Column	Name of the column. Is a value of SeatDisplay.Columns found in this response.
...Row	Describing the seat details.
....Number	Number of the row, together with the column value this defines one and only one seat.
....Characteristics	List of all characteristics of a seat.
.....Characteristic[]	Such a characteristic comprises of column characteristics and seat characteristics.
......Code	One or two letter code specifying the column characteristic, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 9882. Example: ‘9’ for ‘Center seat (not window, not aisle)’
OR
One or two letter code specifying the seat characteristic, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 9825. Example: ‘W’ for ‘Window seat’; ‘UP’ for ‘Upper Deck’.
....Type	Specifies the type of a complete row hence the elements column, availability, characteristics are obsolete.
.....Code	One letter code specifying the row characteristics, for list of all codes refer to following list: IATA PADIS 9864. Example: ‘Z’ for ‘row does not exist’.
.Meta	Element containing meta data.
..Link[]	Element specifying links.
@Href	Link to actual a resource.
@Rel	Specifying kind of link such as ‘self’ (link that returned this response), ‘alternate’ (link that points to another resource) or ‘related’ (link that points to related resource).